adding full table (#19)
jhudsl/ITCR_Tables: zzz_allTables.Rmd

---

> title: "**All Tables**"

Reviewer: Does this file still need to be called `zzz_`?

Author: No. I changed its name to allTables.Rmd. I think it is now showing outdated on github.

output: html_document
---

<style type="text/css">
  body{
  text-align: justify;
  text-justify: inter-word;
}
</style>

### **Overview**

> The following table contains a list of all ITCR-funded as well as some other useful bioinformatics platforms, including general informatics and biomedical, imaging, omics, and clinical platforms that can help researchers work with publicly available data or their own data and provide computing resource support across different areas of bioinformatics research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
The following table contains a list of ITCR-funded bioinformatics platforms, as well as some other useful platforms, including those that allow users to work with a variety of types of data including imaging, omics, and clinical data. These resources can help researchers work with publicly available data or their own data and provide computing support across different areas of bioinformatics research.
```

Reviewer: This technically doesn't have **all** itcr -funded tools  (some are too new or out-of-date)

Author: Gotcha. I had to manually include these changes to the new files (renamed) and committed those to this PR (as these are outdated files).
